[Multi-bucket] Storage - add multi bucket setup and usage examples (#7858)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/copy-files/index.mdx

</Callout>

## Specify a bucket or copy across buckets / regions

Alternatively, choose a specific target by including `bucket` in both the source and destination objects. 

> See [additional storage bucket usage](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#additional-storage-bucket-usage) for more information.

Reviewer: i dont see it as a sub section on the right side navigation. Could you check on that?

Author: I'm assuming you mean the link target on the Setup Storage page? In that case, resolved.

      source: {
        path: 'album/2024/1.jpg',
        // Alternatively, path: ({identityId}) => `album/{identityId}/1.jpg`
        bucket?: "assignedNameInAmplifyBackend" // Specify a target bucket using name assigned in Amplify Backend
        // Alternatively, provide bucket name from console and associated region
        // bucket?: { bucketName: "bucket-name-from-console", region: "us-east-2" }
      },
      destination: {
        path: 'shared/2024/1.jpg',
        // Alternatively, path: ({identityId}) => `shared/{identityId}/1.jpg`
        // Specify a target using bucket name from console and associated region
        bucket: {
          bucketName: "generated-secondary-bucket-name",
          region: "us-east-2"
        }
         // Alternatively, use name assigned in Amplify Backend
         // bucket?: 'secondaryStorage'
      },
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error', err);
  }
};
```

<Callout>
In order to copy to or from a bucket other than your default, both source and destination must have `bucket` explicitly defined.
</Callout>

## Copy `source` and `destination` options

Option | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | path | string \| <br/>(\{ identityId \}) => string | A string or string returning function that represents the path in source and destination bucket to copy the object to or from |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| path | string \| <br/>(\{ identityId \}) => string | A string or callback that represents the path in source and destination bucket to copy the object to or from |
```

</Callout>

> Alternatively, specify a non-default bucket target by including `bucket` in both the source and destination objects. 

Reviewer: i would this as section - something like `Copy across bucket` with two different bucket names

See [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) for more information.

```javascript
import { copy } from 'aws-amplify/storage';

const copyFile = async () => {
  try {
    const response = await copy({
      source: {
        path: 'album/2024/1.jpg',
        // Alternatively, path: ({identityId}) => `album/{identityId}/1.jpg`

>         bucket: "userDefinedFriendlyBucketName"

Reviewer: as for this similar to path, i would like to see in comment alternative version of the same

Author: i like it. i'll display the opposite alternative for destination below as well

      },
      destination: {
        path: 'shared/2024/1.jpg',
        // Alternatively, path: ({identityId}) => `shared/{identityId}/1.jpg`
        bucket: {
          bucketName: "generated-secondary-bucket-name",
          region: "us-east-2"
        }
      },
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error', err);
  }
};
```

<Callout>
In order to copy to or from non-default buckets, both source and destination must have `bucket` explicitly defined.
</Callout>

> ## More `copy` options

Reviewer: we would still want to include bucket as option in the table with the types specified as `string` | `{bucketName: string; region:string}`

Author: It felt awkward including bucket in the table here because the only existing option is `useAccelerateEndpoint` which is a backend option and the copy operation, source, and destination don't take an object labeled `options` like some of our other APIs. This seems like it might be confusing to customers and worth calling out.

It might be a better idea to split these into two different tables? One to identify the backend option and another to document the available options to the source and destination inputs.

Reviewer: We will remove this section alltogether since there is no options
